>1cbvh-2-DOMAK
..akttppsvyplapgcgdttgssvtlgclvkgyfpesvtvtwnsgslsssvhtfpallqsglytmsssvt.vpsstwpsqtvtcsvahpassttvdkkle....
>1eapb-2-AUTO.1
...kttppsvyplapgcgdttgssvtlgclvkgyfpesvtvtwnsgglsssvhtfpallqsglytmsssvtvpgggw.psatvtcsvahpassttvdkkl.....
>1forh-2-DOMAK
..akttapsvyplapvcggttgssvtlgclvkgyfpepvtltwnsgslssgvhtfpavlqsglytlsssvt.vtsstwpsqtitcnvahpasstkvdkkiepr..
>1gigh-2-DOMAK
..akttppsvyplapgsaaqtnsmvtlgclvkgyfpepvtvtwnsgslssgvhtfpavlqsdlytlsssvt.vpsstwpsetvtcnvahpasstkvdkkivp...
>1iaih-2-AUTO.1
...kttapsvyplapvcgdttgssvtlgclvkgyfpepvtltwnsgslssgvhtfpavlqsdlytlsssvtvtsstt.psqsitcnvah.passtkvdkkid...
>1iaii-2-AUTO.1
...kttppsvyplapgsaaqtnsmvtlgclvkgyfpepvtvtwnsgslssgvhtfpavlqsdlytlsssvtvpstwr.psetvtcnvah.passtkvdkki....
>1ibgh-2-AUTO.2
...kttppsvyplapgcgdttgssvtsgclvkgyfpepvtvtwnsgslsssvhtfpallqsglytmsssvt.vpsstwpsqtvtcsvahpassttvdkkl.....
>1igjd-2-DOMAK
ssakttapsvyplapvcgdttgssvtlgclvkgyfpepvtltwnsgslssgvhtfpavlqsdlytlsssvt.vtsstwpsqsitcnvahpasstkvdkkiep...
>1ikfh-2-AUTO.1
...kttppsvyplapgsaaqtnsmvtlgclvkgyfpepvtvtwnsgslssgvhtfpavlqsdlytlsssvt.vpsssrpsetvtcnvahpasstkvdkkivprdc
>1jelh-2-DOMAK
...attppsvyplapgsaagtnsmvtlgclvkgyfpepvtvtwnsgslssgvhtfpavlqgdlytlsssvt.vpssprpsetvtcnvahpasstkvdkki.....
>1mfbh-2-DOMAK
..akttppsvypla.......pgmvtlgclvkgyfpepvtvtwnsgslssgvhtfpavlqsdlytlsssvt.vpsstwpsetvtcnvahpasstkvdkkivpr..
>1mlbb-2-AUTO.1
...sttppsvfplapgsaaqtnsmvtlgclvkgyfpepvtvtwnsgslssgvhtfpavlqsdlytlsssvt.vpssprpsetvtcnvahpasstkvdkkivprdc
>1mrfh-2-AUTO.2
...kttppsvypla......pgssvtlgclvkgyfpesvtvtwnsgslsssvhtfpallqsglytmsssvt.vpsstwpsqtvtcsvahpassttvdkklep...
>1ncdh-2-DOMAK
..akttapsvyplapvcgdttgssvtlgclvkgyfpepvtltwnsgslssgvhtfpavlqsdlytlsssvt.vtsstwpsqsitcnvahpasstkvdkkieprg.
>1rmfh-2-AUTO.1
...kttapsvtplapvcgdttgssvtlgvlvkgyfpepvtltwnsgslssgvhtfpavlqsdlytlsssvt.vtsstwpsqsitcnvah.pas.stkvdkki...
>1teth-2-DOMAK
..akttppsvypla.......psmvtlgclvkgyfpepvtvtwnsgslssgvhtfpavlqsdlytlsssvt.vpssprpsetvtcnvahpasstkvdkkivpr..
>2f19h-2-DOMAK
..akttppsvyplapgcgdttgssvtlgclvkgyfpesvtvtwnsgslsssvhtfpallqsalytmsssvt.vpsstwpsqtvtcsvahpassttvdkkl.....
>2iffh-2-AUTO.2
...kttppsvyplapgsaaqtnsmvtlgclvkgyfpepvtvtwnsgslssgvhtfpavlqsdlytlsssvt.vpssprpsetvtcnvahpasstkvdkkivp...
