>1iaii-1-AUTO.1
evklqesggglvqpggsmklscvasgftfnnywmswvrqspekglewvaeirlnsdnfathyaesvkgkfiisrddsksrlylqmnslraedtgiyycvlrpl.......fyyavdywgqgtsvtvssa
>1flrh-1-AUTO.1
evkldetggglvqpgrpmklscvasgftfsdywmnwvrqspekglewvaqirnkpynyetyysdsvkgrftisrd..dssvylqmnnlrvedmgiyyctgsy..........ygmdywgqgtsvtvssa
>1ineh-1-DOMAK
evtlvesggdsvkpggslklscaasgftlsgetmswvrqtpekrlewvattl..sgggftfysasvkgrftisrdnaqnnlylqlnslrsedtalyfcash............rfvhwghgtlvtvs..
>1mamh-1-DOMAK
evklvesggglvqpggslrlscatsgftftdyymswvrqppgkalewlgfirnkadgytteysasvkgrftisrdnsqsilylqmntlraedsatyyctrdp.........ygpaaywgqgtlvtvsaa
>1dfbh-1-DOMAK
evqlvesggglvqpgrslrlscaasgftfndyamhwvrqapgkglewvsgis..wdsssigyadsvkgrftisrdnaknslylqmnslraedmalyycvkgrdyydsggyftvafdiwgqgtmvtvss.
>1ikfh-1-AUTO.1
evklvesggglvqpggslklscatsgftfsdyymywvrqnsekrlewvafis..ngggsafyadivkgrftisrdnakntlylqmsrlksedtamyyctrhtlydtlygnypvwfadwgqgtlvtvsaa
>1cbvh-1-DOMAK
evqpvetggglvqpkgslklscaasgfsfntnamnwvrqapgkglewvarirsksnnyatyyadsvkdrftisrddsqnmlylqmnnlktedtamyycvrdqt.......gtawfaywgqgtlvtvsa.
>1knof-1-AUTO.1
dvklvesggglvqpggsrklscaasgftfssfgmhwvrqapekglewvayis..sgsstiyyadtvkgrftisrdnpkntlflqmtslrsedtamyycargdy.......ygsrgaywgqgtlvtvsaa
>2fb4h-1-DOMAK
evqlvqsgggvvqpgrslrlscsssgfifssyamywvrqapgkglewvaiiw..ddgsdqhyadsvkgrftisrndskntlflqmdslrpedtgvyfcardgghgfcssascfgpdywgqgtpvtvssa
>2fgwh-1-DOMAK
evqlvesggglvqpggslrlscatsgytfteytmhwmrqapgkglewvagin..pknggtshnqrfmdrftisvdkststaymqmnslraedtavyycarwr..........ryfdvwgqgtlvtvssa
>2fbjh-1-DOMAK
evkllesggglvqpggslklscaasgfdfskywmswvrqapgkglewigeih..pdsgtinytpslkdkfiisrdnaknslylqmskvrsedtalyycarlhy........ygynaywgqgtlvtvsa.
>2mcph-1-DOMAK
evklvesggglvqpggslrlscatsgftfsdfymewvrqppgkrlewiaasrnkgnkytteysasvkgrfivsrdtsqsilylqmnalraedtaiyycarnyyg......stwyfdvwgagttvtvss.
>1igfj-1-DOMAK
evqlvesggdlvkpggslklscaasgftfsrcamswvrqtpekrlewvagis..sggsytfypdtvkgrfiisrnnarntlslqmsslrsedtaiyyctryss.......dpfyfdywgqgttltvssa
>1frgh-1-DOMAK
evllvesggdlvkpggflklscaasgftfssfgmswvrhtpdkrlewvatis..ngggytyyqdsvkgrftisrdnakntlflemtslksedaglyycarrery......dekgfaywgrgtlvtvsa.
>1ifhh-1-DOMAK
evqlvesggdlvkpggslklscaasgfsfssygmswvrqtpdkrlewvatis..ngggytyypdsvkgrftisrdnakntlylqmsslksedsamyycarrery......dengfaywgqgtlvtvsa.
>1igmh-1-DOMAK
evhllesggnlvqpggslrlscaasgftfnifvmswvrqapgkglewvsgvf..gsggntdyadavkgrftitrdnskntlylqmnslraedtaiyycakhrvs.....yvltgfdswgqgtlvtv...
>8fabb-1-DOMAK
avklvqagggvvqpgrslrlsciasgftfsnygmhwvrqapgkglewvaviw..yngsrtyygdsvkgrftisrdnskrtlymqmnslrtedtavyycardpdi.....ltafsfdywgqgvlvtvss.
>1fveb-1-DOMAK
evqlvesggglvqpggslrlscaasgfnikdtyihwvrqapgkglewvariy..ptngytryadsvkgrftisadtskntaylqmnslraedtavyycsrwggd......gfyamdywgqgtlvtvssa
>1fgvh-1-DOMAK
evqlvesggglvqpggslrlscatsgytfteytmhwmrqapgkglewvagin..pknggtsyadsvkgrftisvdkskntlylqmnslraedtavyycarwrgl......dvryfdvwgqgtlvtvss.
