>1rmfh-1-AUTO.1
.qvqlqqsgpelvrpgvsvkisckgsgytfidyaihwvkesHAKslewigvis..aysgdtnynqkfkgkatmtvdkssntaylelarltsedsaiyycarggw.....lllsfdywgqgttltvssa..
>1lmke-1-AS
..vqlqqsgtelmkpgrslkisckttgyifsnywiewvkqrPGHglewigkilpgggsn..tyndkfkgkatftadtssniaymqlssltsedsavyycargedyy..aywyvldywgqgttvtvssggg
>1igjb-1-DOMAK
..vqlqqsgpelvkpgasvrmsckssgyiftdfymnwvrqsHGKsldyigyispysgvt..gynqkfkgkatltvdkssstaymelrsltsedsavyycagssg.....nkwamdywghgasvtv.....
>1figh-1-DOMAK
.dvqlqqsgpelekpgasvkisckasgfslpghninwivqrNGKslewignidpyyggt..nfnpkfkgkatltvdkssstlymhltslqsedsavyycarrrd.....gnygftywgqgtlvtvsa...
>6fabh-1-DOMAK
.evqlqqsgvelvragssvkmsckasgytftsnginwvkqrPGQglewigynnpgngyi..aynekfkgkttltvdkssstaymqlrsltsedsavyfcarseyy...ggsykfdywgqgttltvs....
>2f19h-1-DOMAK
.qvqlqqsgaelvragssvkmsckasgytftsygvnwvkqrPGQglewigyinpgkgyl..synekfkgkttltvdrssstaymqlrsltsedaavyfcarsfyggsdlavyyfdswgqgttltvss...
>1mrfh-1-AUTO.2
..vqlqqsgaelvkpgasvklsckasgytftsywmqwvkqrPGQglewigeidpsdsyt..nynqkfkgkatltv...dstaymqlssltsedsavyycanlr........gyfdywgqgttltvssa..
>1fbih-1-AUTO.1
.qvqlqqpgaelvkpgasvklsckasgytftsywmhwvkqgPGQglewigeidpsdsyp..nynekfkgkatltvdkssstaymqlssltsedsavyycaslyyyg..tsygvldywgqgtsvtvssa..
>1nmah-1-AUTO.1
.evqlqqpgaelvkpgasvrmsckasgytftnynmywvkqsPGQglewigifypgngdt..synqkfkdkatltadkssntaymqlssltsedsavyycarsggsy..rydggfdywgqgttltvss...
>1eapb-1-AUTO.1
.evqlqesgtelvkpgasvkisckasgyistdhaihwvkqrPEQglewigyispgngdi..kynekfkvkatltadqssstaymqlnsltsedsavyfckrsyy.....gssyvdywgqgttltvssa..
>2iffh-1-AUTO.2
..vqlqqsgaelmkpgasvkisckasgytfsdywiewvkqrPGHglewigeilpgsgst..nyherfkgkatftadtssstaymqlnsltsedsgvyyclhgn........ydfdgwgqgttltvssa..
>1iaih-1-AUTO.1
.qiqlvqsgpelkkpgetvkisckasgytftnygmnwvkqaPGKglkwmawintytgep..tyaddfkgrfafsletsastaylqinnlknedtatyfcardgyy...enyyamdywgqgtsvtvssa..
>1forh-1-DOMAK
.qgqlqqsgaelvrpgssvkisckasgyafssfwvnwvkqrPGQglewigqiypgdgdn..kyngkfkgkatltadkssttaymqlysltsedsavyfcarsgn.....ypyamdywgqgtsvtvss...
>1plgh-1-AUTO.1
.qiqlqqsgpelvrpgasvkisckasgytftdyyihwvkqrPGEglewigwiypgsgnt..kynekfkgkatltvdtssstaymqlssltsedsavyfcargg.......kfamdywgqgtsvtvssa..
>1ncdh-1-DOMAK
.qiqlvqsgpelkkpgetvkisckasgytftnygmnwvkqaPGKglewmgwintntgep..tygeefkgrfafsletsastanlqinnlknedkatffcargedn....fgslsdywgqgttltvss...
>1ncah-1-DOMAK
.qiqlvqsgpelkkpgetvkisckasgytftnygmnwvkqaPGKglkwmgwintntgep..tygeefkgrfafsletsastanlqinnlknedtatffcargedn....fgslsdywgqgttvtvss...
>1dbah-1-DOMAK
.qiqlvqsgpelkkpgetvkisckasgyaftnygvnwvkeaPGKelkwmgwiniytgep..tyvddfkgrfafsletsastayleinnlknedtatyfctrgdy.....vnwyfdvwgagttvtvss...
>1jhlh-1-DOMAK
.qvqlqqsgaelvrpgasvklsckasgytfisywinwvkqrPGQglewigniypsdsyt..nynqkfkdkatltvdkssstaymqlssptsedsavyyctrddn......ygamdywgqgttvtv.....
>1teth-1-DOMAK
.qiqlvqsgpelktpgetvrisckasgytfttygmswvkqtPGKgfkwmgwintysgvp..tyaddfkgrfafsletsastaylqinnlknedtatyfcarrs........wyfdvwgtgttvtvss...
>1bbjh-1-DOMAK
.xvqlqqsdaelvkpgasvkisckasgytftdhaihwakqkPEQglewigyispgnddi..kynekfkgkatltadkssstaymqlnsltsedsavyfckrs..........yyghwgqgttltvssa..
>2cgrh-1-DOMAK
.rvqllesgaelmkpgasvqisckatgytfseywiewvkerPGHglewigeilpgsgrt..nyrekfkgkatftadtssntaymqlssltsedsavyyctrgy........ssmdywgqgtsvtvsaa..
>1mlbb-1-AUTO.1
.qvqlqesgaevmkpgasvkisckatgytfstywiewvkqrPGHglewigeilpgsgst..yynekfkgkatftadtssntaymqlssltsedsavyycargd........gnygywgqgttltvssa..
>1mfbh-1-DOMAK
.evqvqqsgtvlarpgasvkmsckasgytftnywmhwikqrPGQglewigaiypgnsat..fynhkfraktkltavtstitaymelssltnedsavyyctrggh......gyygdywgqgasltvss...
>1mfa-2-DOMAK
gevqvqqsgtvvarpgasvkmsckasgytftnywmhwikqrPGQglewigaiypgnsat..fynhkfraktkltavtstttaymelssltsedsavyyctrggh......gyygdywgqgasltvs....
>1fpth-1-AUTO.1
.qvqlqqsgaelvrpgtsvkvsckasgyaftnyliqwikqrPGQglewigvinpgsggt..dynanfkgkatltadksssivymqlssltsddsavyfcardfyd....ydvgfdywgqgttltvssa..
>1jelh-1-DOMAK
.qvqlqqsgpelvrpgssvkisckgsgytfttyamhwvkqsHAKslewiglispssgyt..syngefkgkatmtvdkssstaymelarltsedsaiyycarvmg......eqyfdvwgagttvtvssa..
