>2hbg-1-GJB
.glsaaqrqviaatwkdiagadngagvgkkclikflsahpqmaAVFg........fsgasdpgvaalgakvlaqigvavshlgdegkMVAqMKAVgvr.hkgygnkhikaqyfeplgasllsamehriggkmnaaakdawaaayadisgalisglqs
>1hbhc-1-AUTO.1
.slsdkdkaavralwski..gksadaigndalsrmivvypqtkTYFsh.....wpdvtpgsphikahgkkvmggialavsk...iddLKTgLMELseqhayk...lrvdpanfkilnhcilvvistmfpkeftpeahvsldkflsgvalalaeryr.
>2dhba-1-GJB
.vlsaadktnvkaawskv..gghageygaealermflgfpttkTYFph......fdlshgsaqvkahgkkvadgltlavgh...lddLPGaLSDLsnlhahk...lrvdpvnfkllshcllstlavhlpndftpavhasldkflssvstvltskyr.
>2pgha-1-AUTO.1
.vlsaadkanvkaawgkv..ggqagahgaealermflgfpttkTYFph......fnlshgsdqvkahgqkvadaltkavgh...lddLPGaLSALsdlhahk...lrvdpvnfkllshcllvtlaahhpddfnpsvhasldkflanvstvltskyr.
>1coha-1-DOMAK
.vlspadktnvkaawgkv..gahageygaealermflsfpttkTYFph......fdlshgsaqvkghgkkvadaltnavah...vddMPNaLSALsdlhahk...lrvdpvnfkllshcllvtlaahlpaeftpavhasldkflasvstvltskyr.
>1hdaa-1-DOMAK
.vlsaadkgnvkaawgkv..gghaaeygaealermflsfpttkTYFph......fdlshgsaqvkghgakvaaaltkaveh...lddLPGaLSELsdlhahk...lrvdpvnfkllshsllvtlashlpsdftpavhasldkflanvstvltskyr.
>1hbhd-1-AUTO.1
vewtdkersiisdifsh....mdyddigpkalsrclivypwtqRHFsgfgnlynaeaiignanvaahgikvlhgldrgvkn...mdnIAAtYADLstlhsek...lhvdpdnfkllsdcitivlaakmghaftaetqgafqkflavvvsalgkqyh.
>2pghb-1-AUTO.1
vhlsaeekeavlglwgk....vnvdevggealgrllvvypwtqRFFesfgdlsnadavmgnpkvkahgkkvlqsfsdglkh...ldnLKGtFAKLselhcdq...lhvdpenfrllgnvivvvlarrlghdfnpdvqaafqkvvagvanalahkyh.
>2mhbb-1-DOMAK
vqlsgeekaavlalwdk....vneeevggealgrllvvypwtqRFFdsfgdlsnpgavmgnpkvkahgkkvlhsfgegvhh...ldnLKGtFAALselhcdk...lhvdpenfrllgnvlvvvlarhfgkdftpelqasyqkvvagvanalahkyh.
>1hdab-1-DOMAK
.mltaeekaavtafwgk....vkvdevggealgrllvvypwtqRFFesfgdlstadavmnnpkvkahgkkvldsfsngmkh...lddLKGtFAALselhcdk...lhvdpenfkllgnvlvvvlarnfgkeftpvlqadfqkvvagvanalahryh.
>1fdhg-1-DOMAK
ghfteedkatitslwgk....vnvedaggetlgrllvvypwtqRFFdsfgnlssasaimgnpkvkahgkkvltslgdaikh...lddLKGtFAQLselhcdk...lhvdpenfkllgnvlvtvlaihfgkeftpevqaswqkmvtgvasalssryh.
>1cohb-1-DOMAK
vhltpeeksavtalwgk....vnvdevggealgrllvvypwtqRFFesfgdlstpdavmgnpkvkahgkkvlgafsdglah...ldnLKGtFATLselhcdk...lhvdpenfrllgnvlvcvlahhfgkeftppvqaayqkvvagvanalahkyh.
